Fixed #32827 -- Adjusted docs on squashing migrations. (#14408)
django/django: docs/topics/migrations.txt

several hundred migrations to just a few. That's where trimming migrations
comes in.

Trimming is the act of reducing an existing set of many migrations down to
one (or sometimes a few) migrations which still represent the same changes.

There are two common approaches to trimming migrations. The first is to use the
``squashmigrations`` command to create a merged migration file, however this
approach can be impractical on complex projects. The second approach is to
coordinate with your team to ensure that all installations of your app are up
to date, then to have a scheduled time when migrations are removed and
recreated from scratch.

Which approach is best for your project will depend on the complexity of it
and the flexibility of your team.

.. _manual-migration-trimming:

Trimming migrations manually
----------------------------

The easiest and most reliable way to trim migrations is to do so manually,
instead of using the ``squashmigrations`` command. When doing this process, any
apps that have foreign key interdependencies will need to be trimmed at the same
time so that old migrations do not depend on deleted migrations. For example,

> if your ``pizza`` app has an ``Ingredients`` model in your ``food`` app, you

Reviewer: "If your ``pizza`` app has a ``ForeignKey`` to an ``Ingredients`` model in your ``food`` app"?

Author: Thank you. I just pushed a commit with this change.

</ref/migration-operations>` and the "how-to" on :doc:`writing migrations
</howto/writing-migrations>`.

.. _migration-trimming:

Trimming migrations
===================

You are encouraged to make migrations freely and not worry about how many you
have; the migration code is optimized to deal with hundreds at a time without
much slowdown. However, eventually you will want to move back from having
several hundred migrations to just a few. That's where trimming migrations
comes in.

Trimming is the act of reducing an existing set of many migrations down to
one (or sometimes a few) migrations which still represent the same changes.

There are two common approaches to trimming migrations. The first is to use the
``squashmigrations`` command to create a merged migration file, however this

> approach can be impractical on complex projects. The second approach is to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
approach can be impractical for projects exhibiting circular dependencies between
apps, which will require manual resolution anyway. The second approach is more
manual but potentially simpler: to coordinate ... and to ... delete and recreate ...
```

coordinate with your team to ensure that all installations of your app are up
to date, then to have a scheduled time when migrations are removed and

> recreated from scratch.

Reviewer 3: I don't think this is what you want to say. You say there are **two ways** `squashmigrations` and _Nuke 'em™_ but then immediately go on to add a new section _Trimming migrations manually_, which is a **third** 🤔

Author: The idea I had here was that "Trimming" refers to the task of somehow removing migrations, and that squashing is one approach to trimming, and deleting is the other.

Reviewer 3: I see, sorry, yes, you're describing the _Nuke 'em_ policy. 

I'd call this something like "Recreating" or "Resetting". 🤔

Which approach is best for your project will depend on the complexity of it
and the flexibility of your team.

.. _manual-migration-trimming:

Trimming migrations manually
----------------------------

The easiest and most reliable way to trim migrations is to do so manually,
instead of using the ``squashmigrations`` command. When doing this process, any
apps that have foreign key interdependencies will need to be trimmed at the same
time so that old migrations do not depend on deleted migrations. For example,
if your ``pizza`` app has a ``ForeignKey`` to an ``Ingredients`` model in your
``food`` app, you will need to manually trim both the ``food`` and the
``pizza`` apps simultaneously. It is often easiest to trim all apps in your

> project at the same time.

Reviewer 3: I think this needs an **introductory paragraph** saying what you're going to do, then this warning about the need to be up to date, then the steps.
